README.md, before:

# About
A very simple app for decoding a barcode screenshot from the clipboard, placing the decoded code back to the clipboard (if successfull).
I created this for personal usage when paying invoices.
I basically take a screenshot of a barcode (usually from a PDF file) into the clipboard, then run this app, and finally paste the
decoded code from the clipboard into a specific field on my online banking site.

# How to build
## Build the jar (with all dependencies)
```
mvn package
```
Additionally you can build native apps by modifying the pom.xml

## Running the app from command line (all platforms)
```
java -jar target/barcode-decoder-1.0.0-shaded.jar
```

## Linux app: Create an executable file (shell script with a generic binary payload)
- Credits goes to: https://coderwall.com/p/ssuaxa
```
cat src/main/scripts/stub.sh target/barcode-decoder-1.0.0-shaded.jar > target/barcode-decoder-linux.run
chmod +x target/barcode-decoder-linux.run
```
- Run by ./target/barcode-decoder.run (or double click if distro supports it). 
If you get errors when running from the command line, you might have to set your DISPLAY env variable
```
export DISPLAY=":0.0"
```
## OSX app: Bundle the jar a a native OSX app
- Requires you to clone and install this repo from github: https://github.com/federkasten/appbundler-plugin
- After you've installed the appbuilder-plugin, edit the pom.xml and uncomment the io.github.appbundler plugin. Than run:
```
mvn package appbundle:bundle
```
- The app is being generated into the target/barcode-decoder-1.0.0/ folder

## Windows: Bundle the jar as a Windows executable
- Uncomment the com.akathist.maven.plugins.launch4j plugin and run:
```
mvn package
```
- This generates barcode-decoder-win.exe under the target/ folder

# Eclipse
If you're using the Eclipse IDE, add the necessary eclipse project files by running
```
mvn eclipse:eclipse
```
# Credits
- zxing (https://github.com/zxing/zxing)
- appbundler-plugin (https://github.com/federkasten/appbundler-plugin)

Commit message:

Refactored java code and introduced maven profiles for different platform builds

README.md, after:

# About
TODO

# Linux
## Build
```
mvn package -Plinux
```

## Run
```
java -jar target/screenshot-decoder-1.0.0-full.jar
```
## Optional: wrap the jar into one single executable shell script
```
cat src/main/scripts/stub.sh target/screenshot-decoder-1.0.0-full.jar > target/screenshot-decoder-linux.run
chmod +x target/screenshot-decoder-linux.run
```
- Run by ./target/screenshot-decoder.run (or double click if your distro supports it). 
- If you get errors when running from the command line, you might have to set your DISPLAY env variable
```
export DISPLAY=":0.0"
```

# OSX
## Build a bundled native app
- Requires you to clone and install this repo from github: https://github.com/federkasten/appbundler-plugin (follow the README for instructions)
- After you've installed the appbuilder-plugin, run
```
mvn package appbundle:bundle -Posx
```
- The app "Screenshot decoder" is being generated into the target/screenshot-decoder-1.0.0/

## Windows
- Run
```
mvn package -Pwin
```
- This generates the "screenshot-decoder-win.exe" file under the target/ folder

# Eclipse
If you're using the Eclipse IDE, add the necessary eclipse project files by running
```
mvn eclipse:eclipse
```
# Credits
- zxing (https://github.com/zxing/zxing)
- appbundler-plugin (https://github.com/federkasten/appbundler-plugin)
